Fix incorrect type definitions in useCallback (#97)
rescript-lang/rescript-react: CHANGELOG.md

#### :boom: Breaking Change

- Requires ReScript 11.0.0-alpha.6 or newer.
- Deprecated use\*N functions in favor of changing the signature of the main hook function.
  - For example, useEffect instead of useEffectN e.g. `useEffect3(f, (a, b, c))` -> `useEffect(f, (a, b, c))`
  - The affected hooks include `useEffect`, `useLayoutEffect`, `useCallback`, `useMemo`, `useImperativeHandle`, `useInsertionEffect`
  - With this change, it is now possible to pass any value as the second argument `'deps`. In case you pass an invalid value, you will get a warning from React at runtime. You should be using one of the following values for the dependency array:
    - 0 dependencies: `[]`
    - 1 dependency: `[a]`
    - more than 1 dependency: `(a, b, ...)`

>     - In case of omitting dependency which means the effect is executed on every render, use \*onEveryRender functions. e.g. `useEffectOnEveryRender`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For calling `useEffect`, `useLayoutEffect` etc. *without* a dependency array (meaning that the effect is executed on every render), there are now separate bindings `useEffectOnEveryRender`, `useLayoutEffectOnEveryRender` etc.
```

Author: Thanks!

#### :boom: Breaking Change

- Requires ReScript 11.0.0-alpha.6 or newer.
- Deprecated useCallbackN functions in favor of changing `useCallback` signature. (`useCallback: 'f => 'f` -> `useCallback: ('f, 'deps) => 'f`)
  - Use useCallback instead of useCallbackN. e.g. `useCallback3(f, (a, b, c))` -> `useCallback(f, (a, b, c))`

>   - With this change, it is now possible to pass any value as the second argument `'deps`, but you can still use tuples as before. It provides convenience and flexibility, especially in case of using more than 7 dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - With this change, it is now possible to pass any value as the second argument `'deps`. In case you pass an invalid value, you will get a warning from React at runtime. You should be using one of the following values for the dependency array:
    - 0 dependencies: `[]`
    - 1 argument: `[a]`
    - more than 1 argument: `(a, b, ...)`
```

Author: Thank you!
